Weather Data Analysis
This repository contains a Streamlit application designed to analyze weather data and visualize the relationships between various weather features and atmospheric pressure. Users can upload a CSV file containing weather data, explore feature correlations, and visualize how each feature influences atmospheric pressure.

Features
File Upload: Upload your own CSV file containing weather data.

Data Preview: View a preview of the first few rows of the uploaded dataset.

Correlation Heatmap: Visualize the correlation between selected weather features.

Feature vs Pressure Scatter Plot: Select a feature and plot it against atmospheric pressure to explore relationships.

Data Requirements
The app expects the CSV file to contain the following columns:

Temperature (C) — Temperature in degrees Celsius.

Wind Speed (km/h) — Wind speed in kilometers per hour.

Apparent Temperature (C) — Apparent temperature (feels like temperature) in degrees Celsius.

Humidity — Humidity in percentage.

Wind Bearing (degrees) — Wind direction in degrees.

Visibility (km) — Visibility in kilometers.

Pressure (millibars) — Atmospheric pressure in millibars (this column will be used to analyze relationships with other features).

Requirements
Before running the app, make sure to install the following Python libraries:

Streamlit

Pandas

Seaborn

Matplotlib

You can install the required libraries using pip:

bash
Copy
pip install streamlit pandas seaborn matplotlib
How to Run the Application
Clone or download this repository to your local machine.

Open a terminal or command prompt and navigate to the project folder.

Run the following command to start the Streamlit app:

bash
Copy
streamlit run app.py
The application will open in your default web browser.

How to Use the Application
Upload a CSV File: Click the "Upload a CSV file" button and select your weather dataset. Make sure the file contains columns like Temperature (C), Wind Speed (km/h), Apparent Temperature (C), Humidity, Wind Bearing (degrees), Visibility (km), and Pressure (millibars).

Data Preview: After uploading the file, the app will display the first few rows of the dataset.

Correlation Heatmap: The app will generate a heatmap showing the correlation between the selected weather features and atmospheric pressure. This helps visualize which features are strongly related.

Feature vs Pressure Scatter Plot: You can select a feature from the dropdown menu (e.g., Temperature (C), Wind Speed (km/h), etc.) and visualize the relationship between that feature and atmospheric pressure with a scatter plot.

Example of Usage
Upload a CSV file containing weather data with the expected columns.

View the data preview to ensure it has been loaded correctly.

Explore the correlation heatmap to understand how the features are related.

Select a feature (such as Temperature (C)) and view how it correlates with atmospheric pressure in the scatter plot.

Project Structure
app.py: The main Streamlit application that contains the functionality for uploading, processing, and visualizing data.

README.md: This file containing the project documentation and instructions.

LICENSE (optional): The project license file, if applicable.
